Second Young Master, I will not betray your kindness
As long as you can get me out
I won't punish you, I know
Daughter-in-law, how are you?
Go to the doctor
Uncle Guo congratulations
Madam, this is Ximei
Are you sure?
I agree to represent the art once every 30 years
Let's make a decision and receive the reward
Thanks, I'm here.
wife
This time you did a great job
Why should we celebrate?
Sir, what if it's a girl?
Whether it's a boy or a girl
I will feel the same pain
Isn't it just a wedding banquet?
Does it need so much pomp?
The country people are rich and show off. This is your uncle
I haven't seen you for so long
He has to come to see you
I came in and was busy with military affairs, but I just neglected it.
I must go back later. What do you worship?
I didn't say you
Didn't you just make a few more money?
What are you busy with?
I remember when Li Shuai invited me to his house
That was respectful to me
It's not like you know how to put on a show
This is a gift from my father to you
50 year old white tree hahaha
The country folk have never seen this before
50 years old
I heard that this thing can be effective in fixing the tire
If so
Thank you uncle
I'll take it with Xiaoting. Take it
It's nothing.
I remember when Li Shuai and I were drinking together
We almost fell for it
That's really if you see
I have to scare you to pee your pants, Li Shuai
Go go go Zhang Shuai to hahaha
Ah go go go